Legal Disclaimer and Personal Data Protection:
Dear user, by clicking ‘I accept’ you accept all the terms and
conditions that are written below.
If you click ‘ I do not accept’ then unfortunately you will not be one of
our users.
The aim of ‘THEPATIENBOOK.COM’ is to record, follow up, organize
patients and to give informative pages and e-mails, SMSs to the
patients about their treatment schedule, medical history, by doctors
and healthcare providers. You can also share patient information with
your colleagues who are already in the system. Uses other than
medical purposes and inappropriate additions to the medical drug
database and/or diagnoses list may result in dissmissal of the user
and/or legal actions.
You are the only responsible person/ organization/ company/
institution/ corporation, for your own collected data and information
of patients/ records/ individuals; so according to which country you
live, if there is a legal obligation, you must get consents of the
individuals to store their data in your own account. If according to
law, you have to get consent from your clients, patients, customers,
individuals to record their personal data and information, then we
strongly recommend you that you get a signed consent from those
individuals and keep them in a safe place; there must be a legal
statement about personal data protection in that consent.
www.thepatientbook.com is not responsible for any
username/password theft, sharing and hacking by any means.
However, if you forget, lose your username and/or password, or if
your account is hacked, we will do our best to help you out via
messaging through your registered e-mail(s) and/or GSM, cellular
phone that is in our system.
www.thepatientbook.com can share, sell statistical data about any
information entered in the system from a city, country, region by
general users and or subspecialties without giving any personal
identification of individual or corporate users. Users may see general
and/or subspecialty targeted ads on their pages. If you do not want
your information to be shared or after some time you decide not to
share your information with us and/or our legal customers, affiliates,
partners, suppliers etc. then you must contact us for letting us know
your request and in which case we will delete all the records and data
you have stored and your personal information; in this case your data 
will be unrecoverable if you decide to recover them later; and also
your account will be closed and unaccesible unless you open a new
account using that previously used e-mail again. If you open a new
account with that previous e-mail again, after you request the
deletion of your account, you will not be able to see your previous
records and data of the previous account with the same user name.
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL ‘THEPATIENBOOK.COM’
OR ITS AFFILIATES, PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL,
SPECIAL OR EXAMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF OR INABILITY
TO ACCESS OR USE THE APPLICATION AND ANY THIRD PARTY
CONTENT AND SERVICES, WHETHER OR NOT THE DAMAGES
WERE FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER OR NOT
‘THEPATIENBOOK.COM’ WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF
THE FOREGOING, ‘THEPATIENBOOK.COM’ S AGGREGATE
LIABILITY TO YOU (WHETHER UNDER CONTRACT, TORT,
STATUTE OR OTHERWISE) SHALL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT
PAID TO ‘THEPATIENBOOK.COM’ IN THE LAST 5 MONTHS
BEFORE THE INCIDENT. IF YOU HAVE NOT PAID A FEE THEN
YOU ARE NOT ELIGABLE FOR ANY REFUND. THE FOREGOING
LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED
REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.
The prices and fees may vary according to the version and services
that you choose to use and thepatientbook.com has the right to
change/modify the prices for a given version and service at the end
of your contract. If the prices and fees change you will be notified
three months before the effective date.
Our website: www.thepatientbook.com provides the
www.thepatientbook.com Web site as a service to the public and
Web site owners.
Our website: www.thepatientbook.com is not responsible for, and
expressly disclaims all liability for, damages of any kind arising out of
use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained within the
site. While the information contained within the site is periodically
updated, no guarantee is given that the information provided in this
Web site is correct, complete, and up-to-date.
Although the Our website: www.thepatientbook.com Web site may
include links providing direct access to other Internet resources, 
including Web sites, Our website: www.thepatientbook.com is not
responsible for the accuracy or content of information contained in
these sites.
Links from Our website: www.thepatientbook.com to third-party sites
do not constitute an endorsement by Our website:
www.thepatientbook.com of the parties or their products and
services. The appearance on the Web site of advertisements and
product or service information does not constitute an endorsement by
Our website: www.thepatientbook.com, and Our website:
www.thepatientbook.com has not investigated the claims made by
any advertiser. Product information is based solely on material
received from suppliers.
Cookie Policy
THEPATIENBOOK.COM uses cookies on www.thepatientbook.com. By using
the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third-parties
we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies
and further information about cookies.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent by your web browser by a website you visit. A
cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to
recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies.
How THEPATIENBOOK.COM uses cookies
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in
your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the Service,
to provide analytics, to store your preferences, to enable advertisements delivery,
including behavioral advertising.
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different
types of cookies to run the Service:
- Essential cookies. We may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent
fraudulent use of user accounts.
Third-party cookies
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to
report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the 
Service, and so on.
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse
cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might
not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your
preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Where can your find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
● AllAboutCookies: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/
● Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
